(acoustic guitar music)
All right, this video is a coding review of
the assignment to add validation to our ingredient form,
so what we wanna do is go over here
to the IngredientCommand, bring that up
and now we wanna do @NotBlank.
So that will handle a null situation as well,
so that makes sure, this will handle a null
and also make sure that it's not just an empty String.
So you have to have some type of text there,
so we are requiring a description here.
Now next up we want to make this NotNull,
just NotNull, and also @Min of one.
So we have to have at least one for the amount,
and then finally we also said UnitOfMeasureCommand,
we wanna make that NotNull as well.
So now this sets up the annotation-based
validation constraints.
Looked like we were highlighting that for some reason.
I'm wondering why IntelliJ is flagging that.
Don't know why IntelliJ was highlighting that,
but I'm gonna let that slide for right now.
Wanted to double-check that, but these here
are pretty standard validation annotations, and next
what we wanna do is update our IngredientController.
So let's go over to our IngredientController,
and we need to do the same thing
that we did for the RecipeController.
So if you remember we had to add in this WebDataBinder.
Now I'm gonna show you a little trick here,
what I can do is come up and say split this,
and now down at the bottom, down at
the bottom I have the RecipeController,
and I'm gonna be doing the exact same data here.
So now I have a split view inside of IntelliJ
and I want this exact same thing.
So we're gonna go ahead and add that in,
and then we also wanna add in this Data Binder.
So that sets that up there, and then really we wanna do
the exact same thing here, almost.
Right here on, where's our @PostMapping, there we are.
So now of course we need to get that URL,
so we need to calculate the URL for this basically.
So in this case we're not gonna be able to use
a static String because the Id values are changing.
And we should be able to get the command.get
the RecipeId, then we also need the ingredient id here too.
So you can see how we have to build up that,
and we also want to do that, if I remember.
Nope, I don't need to do a redirect there,
so we're just gonna return back that URL and then finally,
finally what we need to do also is update the form for
the output, and I've gone in and done that already.
So I'm gonna just go fullscreen on this.
So you can see that I added in,
and I copied a lot of this over from the recipeform.
So I'm going to add in this conditional here
to show that if we have errors,
if there's any errors we're gonna show
this little alert dialog saying, hey,
please correct the errors below,
and then we've also restyled this,
so this is a lot of Bootstrap stuff.
I went through this previous in the course,
I'm not gonna go through it in detail as to what it's doing,
but effectively we can have multiple errors on a property
and I will list out those errors.
So I am gonna go ahead and start this
and see if it works properly.
And you see that we are up and running,
jump over to Chrome and do a refresh.
Now let's come in and view it and we are dealing with
the Ingredients, and what we wanna do
is update this, so if I try to make that blank,
I should get an error message,
and we ran into a kaboom.
Let's take a look, see what's happening here.
Expand this out a little bit,
the Reactive stack traces are quite big.
So we got a null there on the Id so
that's why it's unhappy, so the recipeId coming back on
that command object was null.
I'm gonna pause this for a second and troubleshoot that.
So taking a quicker look here,
surprisingly the IngredientCommand has
a null recipeId on it, so what we can do here
is pass that into the controller.
So we can use the @PathVariable,
oh, that is a String if I spell it right.
So we're just gonna match up the property name there,
and now what we're gonna do is use that value here.
So we're definitely passing the recipeId
and the URL value, so now we'll just take
that right out of the path variable.
So just as a recap, just to remind you,
this is a path variable and I'm saying PathVariable,
so just like what we're doing up here.
So we're doing @PathVariable recipeId,
so we're just gonna pass that into the controller method,
and then we'll use that to build up our redirect URL.
So let's go ahead and restart,
and we'll jump on over to Chrome.
Of course our Id changed 'cause we did a restart there.
Let's do a View, go and view the ingredients,
now let's update that, try to blank out description.
Submit, got another error, let's take a quick look at that.
The given id must not be null, so let's take a look at that.
So the command object is not getting updated with
the recipeId, so we got a bug there somewhere else.
And we probably could go ahead
and since we are looking for this as a bind variable,
what we could do here, let's see if we have
a hidden property for that.
So this is another way to get around it,
so we're gonna do a hidden field of the recipeId.
So as long as we have that value being populated on
the command object going to the form,
we will get that posted back.
So let's go ahead and restart this again.
Now let's go ahead and View him,
View the ingredients, let's try to Update, Submit,
and it did not catch our error logic, which it should have.
I'm gonna pause this and troubleshoot it a little more.
All right, what I wanna do here is I'm gonna bring
this up in the debugger to see what's going on here.
So I'm gonna set a breakpoint here,
stop this and now I wanna bring this up in debug mode,
and we'll go through it and see what's,
we'll take a closer look as to what's happening here.
Come in here, do the Update, and that should trigger it.
So now we have our binding result, and for some reason
it thinks that there are zero errors there.
Now the objectName of "recipeId",
that's interesting because here
in RecipeController I'm actually giving it a name.
@ModelAttribute.
So we're looking at ingredient,
so let's go ahead and give that a name of ingredient there.
I'm gonna restart this.
I'm gonna go over here, to view,
View, Update, blank him out, again zero errors.
So we are expecting errors there,
so I'm gonna pause this and figure out what's going on.
Okay, I did a little more debugging
and I figured out what was going on here,
so we are getting a Data Binder for each of these properties.
So like I said, it's a little workaround
that we are working with here.
So we have two properties, and each one of these guys
is getting a Data Binder, and you can see
that we have the recipeId here,
but we actually want the ingredient.
So what we can do is come up here
and you can actually wire in multiple Data Binders.
If I come in and update this to ingredient,
now we're being more specific,
and we were just accidentally giving
the wrong Data Binder there.
So now let's go ahead and restart this,
and I wanna point out that this gets set
with every web request, so that is effectively thread-safe,
so we don't have to worry about weird things happening.
Let's go ahead and restart this now,
and this time we should get the expected behavior.
Go ahead and come over here to Chrome,
and let's go ahead and View this,
go into the Ingredients and View,
now I wanna do an update, and we wanna blank that out.
Do a Submit, we hit our breakpoint,
now we can see that we are getting, okay,
so actually amount got rejected too,
so let's go ahead and allow this to go,
and verify that our view.
Oh, we got another 500 error, so let's see what that is.
We need to add a slash here.
So we have a problem in our URL,
let's go ahead and restart this.
So that error message was saying
that it could not find the template,
and sometimes those little slashes are important.
We'll come and View, view, do an Update of
the Ingredient, try to blank out Cilantro,
we are gonna let the debugger continue on.
Come back over to Chrome and we got another error.
So that is out there.
I don't like how this is outputting here,
I'm gonna debug this a little bit and pause this.
Okay, I figured out the problem that I was having here,
and just a real simple mistake on my part,
it happens to the best of us.
On line 99, that's what I was returning,
I was returning back the url value rather than
the template name, so that's what I need to do
is the actual template name rather than the url value.
Kind of a, definitely a mistake on my part there,
but it does happen to us, so let's go ahead and run this now
and we'll see if this is actually working,
which I expect it will be now.
So we are up, let's come back over here to Recipe.
Can see that, let's go and view, View,
and we'll come in and Update this.
I'll delete that, and we ran into another error.
And we are looking for name.
Okay, I had one little error in my template there
and I'll show you exactly what.
I had this value here, I mistakenly cut
and paste it to the spam block.
Actually needs to be on the input type,
so let's go ahead and take a look at this now.
Just a first time running through that template
in live mode, so let's go ahead and refresh this.
We'll come in and view, View the Ingredients,
we'll Update these so I know the .5 is going to blow up.
Actually we'll delete this too.
So now we see that our error handling
is working as expected, so that is good.
Unfortunately it looks, our UOM
did not get populated, so that's something
that we need to fix real quick.
I'm gonna pause this and fix that.
Now we can see what I did here is I added in the Model,
and then we are adding in the uomList,
and I'm going to show you a trick in the next video,
how we can clean this up a little bit.
So we have this uom service consistently putting a uomList
on our model, so we can reduce our redundant code
here pretty simply, but I'll show you
that in the next video, and now let's go ahead
and demo this actually working.
So we'll come in, refresh, view the Perfect Guacamole,
and let's go ahead and we'll take this one here,
and that's .5, which I know it would fail.
If I do a Submit, now we can see that
the UOM list is being populated
because before we hit that error,
and you can see that we weren't populating
that UOM model, so we needed to add
that to the model being returned to the view,
otherwise it was null and nothing was getting updated.